all right next up in the season for
jungle we have nasus if you're curious
as to why I'm doing everything the same
on all the champions in the series
please refer to the playlist i created
just for season 4 you can check the
first video where I'm doing atrox and I
explain basically why I'm doing all the
champions as you know very similarly as
possible say mostly the same runes and
masteries when we start with siphoning
strike icy fury the sand is like
slightly fat or a spirit prior slightly
faster something I'm sure it's close
enough in either case it will drive me
mad knowing i missed the first three
siphoning strikes that would piss me off
so much so I'm just not going to do it
we're going to start this thing and
there we go once this thing is done
between life-saving strike that gay sure
I can only get one canter there you go
oh yeah Spirit fire
just keeping himself up nicely with his
region will get it I guess I'm
sacrificing speed a bit to make sure I
get the proper siphoning strike stuff
but guilt 18 stacks it's quite nice
that's yeah one of the definitely the
slower junglers so far but he's really
healthy and yeah I'm I'm obsessing over
siphoning strike so I mean you're it's
up to you you can sacrifice siphoning
strike and do it slightly faster or what
probably is going to end up being I
suspect maybe average to slightly slower
than average do there's not a pot cup of
can grab this is a harsh
oh man I don't the four minutes we're
probably going to end up being at four
minutes 20 seconds which is one of the
slower guys but that's fine oh I missed
the last night now well whatever all
right so we have three four minutes 18
seconds with me obsessing over siphoning
strike so take that as you will that
works perfectly fine and he's one of the
healthiest junglers I think the only
healthier person was like I don't know
HR someone else with self-sustained
obviously self-sustained is going to be
very good so he curses extremely easily
yeah I don't even need these health pots
yeah definitely candidate for one of the
farm the jungle over and over again
thing and I could definitely feel you
know him starting to get going a lot
faster you know the more siphoning
strike stuff i had so that stacks up
quite easily you can kind of extrapolate
into the future how fast that would
stack up if you keep farming nothing but
the jungle but there you have it
slightly on the slow end while obsessing
over siphoning strike see you guys
around and I'm moving on to the next
champion whoever that may be I think
it's actually Nocturne